OSDOCS-2933 Java OSDK tutorial (#47560)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/osdk-run-deployment.adoc

The name and tag of the image, for example `IMG=<registry>/<user>/<image_name>:<tag>`, in both the commands can also be set in your Makefile. Modify the `IMG ?= controller:latest` value to set your default image name.
====

ifdef::java[]

> . Install the CRD to the default namespace:

Reviewer: Suggestion for clarity:
```suggestion
. Run the following command to install the CRD to the default namespace:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f target/kubernetes/memcacheds.cache.example.com-v1.yml
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/memcacheds.cache.example.com created
----

> . Create a file called `rbac.yaml` with the following contents:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Create a file called `rbac.yaml` as shown in the following example:
```
Nit suggestion. WDYT?

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
metadata:
  name: memcached-operator-admin
subjects:
- kind: ServiceAccount
  name: memcached-quarkus-operator-operator
  namespace: default
roleRef:
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: cluster-admin
  apiGroup: ""
----
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
The `rbac.yaml` file will be applied at a later step.
====

endif::[]

. Run the following command to deploy the Operator:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ make deploy IMG=<registry>/<user>/<image_name>:<tag>
----
ifeval::["{context}" != "osdk-java-tutorial"]
+
By default, this command creates a namespace with the name of your Operator project in the form `<project_name>-system` and is used for the deployment. This command also installs the RBAC manifests from `config/rbac`.
endif::[]

ifdef::java[]

> . Grant `cluster-admin` privileges to the `memcached-quarkus-operator-operator` by applying the `rbac.yaml` created in a previous step:

Reviewer: Clarity suggestion:
```suggestion
. Run the following command to grant `cluster-admin` privileges to the `memcached-quarkus-operator-operator` by applying the `rbac.yaml` created in a previous step:
```

The name and tag of the image, for example `IMG=<registry>/<user>/<image_name>:<tag>`, in both the commands can also be set in your Makefile. Modify the `IMG ?= controller:latest` value to set your default image name.
====

ifdef::java[]
. Run the following command to install the CRD to the default namespace:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f target/kubernetes/memcacheds.cache.example.com-v1.yml
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/memcacheds.cache.example.com created
----

. Create a file called `rbac.yaml` as shown in the following example:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
kind: ClusterRoleBinding
metadata:
  name: memcached-operator-admin
subjects:
- kind: ServiceAccount
  name: memcached-quarkus-operator-operator
  namespace: default
roleRef:
  kind: ClusterRole
  name: cluster-admin
  apiGroup: ""
----
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
The `rbac.yaml` file will be applied at a later step.
====

endif::[]

. Run the following command to deploy the Operator:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ make deploy IMG=<registry>/<user>/<image_name>:<tag>

Reviewer 3: Could you please add the below information as a note?

Note: The ServiceAccount from the `target/kubernetes/kubernetes.yml` file does not contain any namespace that's why it gets created in the `default` namespace. Please update `ClusterRoleBinding` as below.

```
subjects:
  - kind: ServiceAccount
    namespace: default
    name: memcached-operator-operator
```

----
ifeval::["{context}" != "osdk-java-tutorial"]
+
By default, this command creates a namespace with the name of your Operator project in the form `<project_name>-system` and is used for the deployment. This command also installs the RBAC manifests from `config/rbac`.
endif::[]

ifdef::java[]

> . Run the following command to grant `cluster-admin` privileges to the `memcached-quarkus-operator-operator` by applying the `rbac.yaml` created in a previous step:

Reviewer 4: > Generally, do not use a file name, file name extension, file type, or directory name as a noun.

NAME                                    READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
<project_name>-controller-manager       1/1     1            1           8m
----
endif::[]
ifdef::java[]
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get all -n default
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
NAME                                                      READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
pod/memcached-quarkus-operator-operator-7db86ccf58-k4mlm   0/1       Running   0           18s
----

> . Apply the `memcached-sample.yaml` to create the `memcached-sample` pod:

Reviewer: Clarity suggestion:
```suggestion
. Apply the `memcached-sample.yaml` to create the `memcached-sample` pod with the following command:
```

Reviewer 2: Alternatively: "Run the following command to apply the `memcached-sample.yaml` and create the `memcached-sample` pod:"

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f memcached-sample.yaml
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
memcached.cache.example.com/memcached-sample created
----

.Verification

> * Confirm the pods have started:

Reviewer: Clarity suggestion:
```suggestion
* Run the following to confirm the pods have started:
```
